.TH allocate_microphones 1 "June 1, 2019"
.SH NAME
allocate_microphones --- allocate microphones to actors in a live stage play
.SH SYNTAX
allocate_microphones <input_file> 
.SH AVAILABILITY
The program should work on any computer system which
provides Python 3 or later, but it has only been tested
on GNU/Linux.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Community Theatre production companies are often long on
actors who want to sing and dance on stage, but short on
support equipment such as microphones.  This program
computes the minimum number of microphones needed for the
play, and arranges to swap them between actors so that
every actor has a microphone when he needs one.
.P
More detail about what the program does is in the README file.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP --help
Prints a brief description of the program and how to invoke it.
.IP --version
Prints the version number of the program
.IP --verbose number
Controls the quantity of output.  The default, which is 1,
provides summary information.  0 suppresses the summary.
.IP --trace trace_file
The specified file receives a large quantity of trace information
as the program runs.  This is intended to provide insight into
the program's operation, which may be needed to fix a problem.
.IP --output-directory directory
The directory into which to write the output files.  Default is
the current directory.
.IP --output-root name
The beginning of each output file name.  Default is the part of
the input file name after the directory, or the whole input file
name if no directory is specified.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "allocate_microphones The_Music_Man.txt"
Read the file "The_Music_Man.txt" and write several files which
describe how to allocate microphones between the actors.
.SH NOTES
Each of the tables produced by allocate_microphones is written 
to its own file in the output directory.  The file names
begin with the output root name.  See the README for more details.
.SH MESSAGES and EXIT CALLS
The program does careful checking of the syntax of the input
file, and outputs an informative error message when the syntax
is violated.  If you encounter an error that is not well-reported,
please contact the author since this is regarded as a bug.
.SH AUTHOR
John Sauter, version 3.2, June 1, 2019
.SH HISTORY
The major change between versions 1 and 2 is the addition of
microphone groups.  Between versions 2 and 3 the major change
is the support of Digitally Controlled Amplifiers.  See the
NEWS file for more details.
.SH RESOURCES
The program requires python version 3 or later to run.
To convert the tables into PDF files, LaTeX is required.
.SH FILES
allocate_microphones produces several output files.
See the README file for details.
.SH BUGS
None known at the time of this writing.
.SH CAVEATS
None known at the time of this writing, but see the README file
for details about how the program operates.
.SH SEE ALSO
pdflatex
